all right Dennis ridge Croatian sports
com staple center California i'm here
with Miami Heat center Justin Hamilton
Justin we're here for you man we're here
to find out how Croatian are you exactly
my mother's from Zagreb was she born is
active work yes Mormons are so did she
teach you the language like the honey
have you speak the language was a number
actually the crush for a while and what
I played was to get picked up more more
the language she taught me here and
there was just so hard here in the US
tell me about tell me your time in
Cibola like I know you were how long
were you there for is there for six
months five months so how did you
communicate with apple with your
teammates I've spoke English and
Croatian a little bit of mix as i was
there longer i spoke more and more
Croatian I understand Croatian to be
well just hard for me sleep I've heard
that you're interested in possibly
playing for the croatian national team
has there been any talks regarding that
or
has been a formal talks but nice to play
some point my career and I've you do you
listen any like Croatia music do you
follow in operations for it's like
hiding dynamo like my here and there
that I was meet random people being in
Miami from Croatia there's a whole kind
of each from a place for the net student
when i was younger i went to a dynamo
game so when I had the chance i would
like to watch them like hey
so when you caught dynamos obviously in
Zagreb maxima door what were you
submersible when you were growing up did
you have any did you follow any Croatian
players like Kukoc or some of those
Croatian players you have any jerseys
were you a fan of any of the Croatian
players in the league oh yeah I heard
their names cheer them on I didn't
really follow basketball that much when
I was younger but I knew who they were
and so but the players I felt and more
than others well here you're you're born
in Newport Beach have you been to any of
the croatian places in LA like Croatia
all the cultural center things like that
the consulate before okay but most times
when I come here I see my Croatian
family grow their homes
a man world
do you have your Croatian citizenship
this a good Oh perfect okay well thanks
for thinking your time with us and good
luck the rest of the way